when you're going to a new location, you should have received several
items from the command. For instance, you might get an email from the
command master Chief. Uh, it might have a welcome aboard package,
which goes through a list of items that are really useful. Tow newcomers.
You can also go to websites. Um, that, for instance, my navy portal
or whatever the current website is, that gives you a list of documents
that you need to fill out. And some, um, some pretty good advice.
Your ship or your command might also have a household goods item
shipping office that can explain how much things would cost and
the range of times that you can expect your goods to be there. Um, once
you go to your new location